BF: fix spelling and propose small changes (#491)
datalad-handbook/book: docs/basics/101-102-populate.rst

(:manpage:`datalad-save` manual).

This time, it is your turn to specify a helpful :term:`commit message`

> with the ``-m`` option (although the DataLad command is :command:'datalad save', we talk
> about commit messages because :command:'datalad save' ultimatively uses the command
> :command:'git commit' to do its work):

Reviewer: In order to use any markup like ``:command:``, those ticks need to be backticks

```suggestion
with the ``-m`` option (although the DataLad command is :command:`datalad save`, we talk
about commit messages because :command:`datalad save` ultimatively uses the command
:command:`git commit` to do its work):
```

Author: Thanks. Did not see that properly. Should update my font (or my glasses).
